Raising error on Failure [INSTALL_FAILED_OLDER_SDK] (#1378)
beeware/briefcase: changes/1157.bugfix.rst

> Briefcase will now detect, if you try to launch an version on an android that is too old.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Briefcase will detect if you attempt to launch an Android app on a device whose OS doesn't meet minimum version requirements.
```
